Shawn Lewis: Hello.
Shawn Phalen: Where are you
Shawn Lewis: Good, how are you
I'm good. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So my name is Sean
Shawn Lewis: Names The same same spelling
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so I'm gonna, I'm one of the therapists, a brighter.
And so
Shawn Phalen: You know groups are required and they're requiring people to do at least two sessions, a month for the therapist.
Shawn Phalen: Mm hmm. So I just need to ask some background questions, just so I have it for my, you know, just so I know I
Shawn Lewis: Know a little better and
Shawn Phalen: So tell me, like, what brought you to write her, like, when did you start with them.
Shawn Lewis: Um, I, um,
Shawn Lewis: I started using again like about two years ago, using heroin and
Shawn Lewis: Like like
Shawn Lewis: More than 25 years clean 25 years clean. Yeah, and started again about two years ago and
Shawn Phalen: What happened, why do you realize
Shawn Lewis: Lunch my life just became like
Shawn Lewis: crappy as in
Shawn Lewis: I like Lost my house and I had a really good, bad things were really good. And then they became not so good.
Shawn Lewis: And
Shawn Lewis: I like went somewhere, and it wasn't for me. And in the past. I could see it before and it didn't bother me, but for some reason that time just like some clicking inside me is like, so I did something I wanted to do, I guess.
Shawn Lewis: So okay relapsed and how long we using for two years, two years.
I'm even clean
Shawn Lewis: Now about
Little over two months.
Shawn Lewis: Okay.
Shawn Lewis: Has this box. And, oh, it's good. It's, it's really good. Like, I haven't, I haven't realized that like us at all like I've been taking my Suboxone and it's been really good. Like, you know,
Shawn Lewis: My cravings are like I can be in the moment stuff, but a lot of anxiety. Now, and like, it's like
Shawn Lewis: Stress and I don't know. And they really experiencing anxiety before
Shawn Lewis: No, I am. And that's kind of a drag
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so where were you living right now. Who do you live where
Shawn Lewis: I live with.
Shawn Lewis: My ex girlfriend and her mom.
Shawn Lewis: And I'm staying like
Shawn Lewis: I had like basically like I live in the content on their property.
Shawn Lewis: Yeah there. Fortunately, let me stay there.
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so how many, how many treat. Did you ever do residential treatment or any other outpatient treatment centers.
Shawn Lewis: Oh yeah, I did. I did quite a few like outpatient things like 25 years ago, like
Shawn Lewis: In like when Suboxone first came out, that was like what helped me get finally get off. You know, I probably went 10 or 15 times to to a facility in Portland.
Shawn Lewis: And then when the Suboxone came out, I did it twice. Two more times in the second time I do on Suboxone it was I was successful in this managed to stay clean for you know 26 years old, six years old.
So,
Shawn Lewis: How old were you when you first started using heroin.
Shawn Lewis: LIKE TO TRY FOR THE FIRST TIME WHEN I WAS LIKE ABOUT 22
Shawn Phalen: Okay. And then what about in the prior to the hairline like math.
Shawn Lewis: No, no, never been a big drinker and never really did math and then this time that I around. I've been using mass to like like
Shawn Lewis: This time around to though but like in the past. I never really had any problems and stuff.
Shawn Lewis: There was a big drinker.
Shawn Lewis: Smoke Pot. You know, I still so far.
Shawn Lewis: But
Shawn Lewis: Yeah.
Shawn Lewis: They really get much of anything else, back then, but now I do mess and is doing millionaire or this was last time around.
Shawn Phalen: So, any question or experiencing depression right now.
Shawn Lewis: Yeah, it's like depression is kind of like
Shawn Lewis: A minimum, I guess, like a little bit, you know,
Shawn Lewis: More anxiety.
Shawn Lewis: Depression, which there, but it's like this since I started this abortion. It's been a lot less, you know, okay.
Shawn Phalen: Have you ever had any suicidal attempts in the past.
No.
Shawn Phalen: Is there, is there like a history of
Family
Shawn Lewis: Anybody in the family that's had substance abuse issues. Yeah, my father. Okay, what, what was he using
Shawn Lewis: Like math and I'll call you still does.
Shawn Lewis: He still uses. Yeah, I don't see very much, though.
Shawn Lewis: We don't really, um,
Did he use when you're growing up.
Shawn Lewis: Um. Yeah, but I wasn't really around him. I didn't really meet him until I was like, like 15 or 16 and then
Shawn Lewis: When I got clean. The first time I went there and stayed with him for a few years and and i got clean. They're like,
Shawn Lewis: I stayed clean there.
Shawn Lewis: And
Shawn Lewis: But we will, you know, like I
Shawn Lewis: Was there for like five or six years with him and in Nevada and
Shawn Lewis: I've moved on.
Shawn Lewis: Really around them.
Shawn Lewis: I'm sorry.
Shawn Lewis: I've literally been around him much
Shawn Lewis: And what about any siblings.
Shawn Lewis: No, they don't. You have a half brothers distributor, neither of us a drink, but
Shawn Lewis: I really have much contact with
Shawn Lewis: Me, My family, to be honest.
Shawn Lewis: My mother, my
Shawn Lewis: Sister, or my dad like I've been going on my own. Since I was like
Shawn Lewis: Don't really don't have much family.
Shawn Phalen: Me working
Shawn Lewis: Know currently I'm not working.
Shawn Phalen: What were you doing before you relapse.
Shawn Lewis: I was do commercial cannabis.
Shawn Lewis: grower. Yeah.
Shawn Lewis: Yeah, and
Shawn Lewis: All that's kind of like change the, you know, like the
Shawn Lewis: I don't have that job anymore.
Shawn Lewis: These were really good. And then they you know that
Shawn Lewis: That's not in my life anymore.
Shawn Lewis: And that's when I started to use against
fell apart with your job.
Shawn Lewis: Yeah.
Shawn Lewis: Yeah, things were really good. And then just let all that kind of fell out. And then things started to be shitty again. And then I started using
Shawn Phalen: Okay, what about any arrest arrest or any legal issues right now.
No.
Shawn Lewis: No, I haven't been arrested in a long time. I haven't. I've only had like a couple of tickets traffic violations, like in the last 25 years or so.
Shawn Phalen: So where were you living for the last 25 years were you in California.
Shawn Lewis: Well, I was in Nevada for like
Shawn Lewis: To like two years and then I was in
Shawn Lewis: Income California for 15 years like in Lake County.
Shawn Lewis: Where Lee County Lake County, or is that a lower Lake like it's near Napa. Yeah.
Shawn Lewis: Where you are now. No, I mean, I mean Eldorado Joe's
Shawn Lewis: sacrament outside of Sacramento.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So how long do you get to stay with your ex girlfriend.
Shawn Lewis: Um, I don't know. Like, I guess.
Shawn Lewis: Intel I wear my welcome and I guess I don't know, there's no really deadline and stuff. So it's kind of like
Shawn Lewis: So as we go like play by ear. I guess it's, you know, I'm not really
Shawn Lewis: Contributing much
So,
Shawn Lewis: You know, chances are it will last much longer.
Shawn Lewis: What's your plan.
Shawn Lewis: Um, I don't have one.
Shawn Lewis: To be honest,
Shawn Lewis: I mean, I've been looking for work and stuff but like
Shawn Lewis: It's really pretty rough out there like viruses like maybe even worse. And so I'm really just like
Shawn Lewis: Don't know what to do with myself.
To be honest,
You qualify for an employment.
Shawn Lewis: No.
Shawn Lewis: No, that they don't like all the money I was making in in the cannabis industry like it's like
Shawn Lewis: The state like recognizes it but like federal government doesn't recognize it isn't really like a lot of like red tape, they're
Like
Shawn Lewis: It's just really
Shawn Lewis: A drag because because
Shawn Lewis: You know, I was legitimately like working in stuff. So, but I can't. They're just like not recognizing me in that. Yeah, they won't even let me look but I wouldn't even let me open a bank account, you know,
Shawn Lewis: So I was dealing in cash and
Shawn Lewis: It's kind of like really believe in the ass. No.
Shawn Lewis: Yeah.
Shawn Lewis: Okay, what were you looking for work. Like what are you looking for anything. Yeah, just about anything really. I mean,
Shawn Lewis: Anything like construction or like, you know, like landscaping. I mean, like, because those are the only thing they really have any experience and I used to do roofing, but I like I'm having some physical issues with like working to, like, like I can't really work the same as I once did.
Shawn Lewis: Is I mean yeah like I can they kind of limits. Some of the jobs. I can take now is like I just can't do it.
Shawn Lewis: Some injuries and stuff that really like are starting to like catch up to me. Yeah.
Shawn Lewis: So yeah, I can't, I can't, like, I was offered the job to go roofing that like the reality. It wasn't that I couldn't. I really can't do it like I once did.
Shawn Lewis: I'll get hurt or, you know, they really can't do it right.
Shawn Lewis: So I probably some visuals every day. Like I pushed through four days a week.
Shawn Lewis: There's not very much. I can't smoke like I once did. I just really not smoke, very much. It really
Shawn Lewis: Want tolerance for all that is really low right now. Right. I get, stupid, stupid really
Shawn Lewis: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Are you getting
Shawn Lewis: Food stamps. That's like the only thing I have, like, really, the only resource.
Shawn Lewis: This is what
Do you know anybody. Do you know anybody there that you could
Like anybody that knows. Like, can you go into like a sober living or
Shawn Lewis: Possibly. I don't
Shawn Lewis: Like the provision. I enjoy that was you guys is because the waiting list was like two months to get on the program where locally and so
Shawn Lewis: I didn't want to wait that two months, like I was really like struggling and so I like just got on the internet and started looking and found you guys
Shawn Lewis: So what was like a treatment. Yeah, the waiting list the waiting list to get on a program is like two months here and enjoy. And I haven't like initiated any of that stuff with them.
Shawn Lewis: Because I just
Shawn Lewis: NEEDED TO FIND SOMETHING MORE immediately.
Shawn Lewis: He has said treatment center meaning like residential or outpatient
Shawn Lewis: Will
Shawn Lewis: Will there's like the. Both. Both. You know, like, I'm not sure what the waiting lists are for the residential isn't even longer than two months.
Shawn Lewis: But, and that I haven't
Shawn Lewis: I would have to like initiate that with them, you know,
Shawn Lewis: Reached out to them since
Shawn Lewis: Another week or so long. Right.
Shawn Lewis: Yeah, when another route, you know, right.
Shawn Lewis: How long have you been clean like two months. Yeah.
Shawn Lewis: You're feeling better, right, physically, mentally, yeah. Yeah, definitely. Definitely.
Okay.
Do you have any questions.
Like today.
Shawn Lewis: I'm not sure I
Shawn Lewis: Don't think so and
Shawn Lewis: I've been. I've been doing. Doing the groups every week. And that's, like, pretty cool. I like that. That helps
Shawn Lewis: Huh.
What do
Shawn Lewis: I do it on Mondays.
Shawn Lewis: At four
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so I'm gonna make another appointment for you to, I want to meet with you again. Okay.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: We do Wednesday, June 17 at 730
Shawn Lewis: Yeah.
Shawn Lewis: Yeah, like when I first started with you guys. I was having a really hard time with um
Shawn Lewis: With, like the inner my internet connection and like being able to like
Shawn Lewis: Like
Shawn Lewis: Like be available. And then like my my connection was really bad and like when I got different phone service. And to be honest, I don't even know how I'm like pulling off the payment, but
Shawn Lewis: It was like, kind of, like, people would help me out because I'm just like,
Shawn Lewis: I don't have much ability to treatment. So people can help me out. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: They've been helping me out trying to figure it out or what do you mean
Financially
Shawn Lewis: Yeah.
Shawn Lewis: Okay, thanks. I upgraded my service, you know, so I get a better connection known so I can actually join the group like I was like getting cut out like putting it out and like the
Shawn Lewis: Italy dropped me out of the group because I was like making too much noise and stuff is like really embarrassing but yeah
Shawn Lewis: I got the different service so slightly better. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: All right, keep going to grow.
You know, just keep
Looking for work. You know, you need to do to stay clean
Shawn Lewis: Yeah, my, um,
Shawn Lewis: My, my.
Shawn Lewis: Suboxone is is
Shawn Lewis: Today is like I need new
Shawn Lewis: My script needs to be filled.
Are you out.
Shawn Lewis: No, I have like today as well. Tomorrow will be
Shawn Lewis: They know they need to fill it. I think so. Like I told them during group.
Shawn Lewis: Day before yesterday, but today, but today was the today's today's like today's like the
Shawn Lewis: It was filled on the 27th. Last one.
Okay, so, yeah.
Shawn Lewis: So I'm expecting that it will be, you know, I'll get a message that it's filled today or tomorrow, I guess.
Shawn Lewis: I didn't, I didn't get one today but I expected one today.
Shawn Lewis: I don't know.
Shawn Lewis: That's that would be my only question is, if you guys are going to fill that for me. Okay, we'll call them if they if you don't get a message, call them. Okay. Okay.
Shawn Lewis: All right, I'll see you on the 17th.
Shawn Lewis: Okay, to give you pleasure we send the email to remind me that
Shawn Phalen: They're going to send you a text.
Shawn Lewis: Okay. Excellent. All right. Thank you. Nice meeting you, which we did you have a good day. Bye.
Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Shawn Phalen: How are you
C210AE: I'm alive. How about you.
I'm good.
Shawn Phalen: Tommy. Tommy, Ben.
C210AE: I'm always the same, for I mean pretty much every day. I'm a I act normal, but I don't feel normal on the inside.
C210AE: Okay, always acting or no matter what I'm going through or what how I feel. I always act appropriate and normal and nobody ever would have a clue. You know how I feel. I mean, even when I tell them they don't have a clue. So that's unfortunate but
Shawn Phalen: Hey, are you still living in your car.
C210AE: Oh, yes.
C210AE: Yeah, that's going to be that way for a long time.
C210AE: I'm sorry, I was looking for a snack. I just bought. Anyways, yeah that's been that way for a long time. It's called again stay that way for a while. Okay. And by choice.
C210AE: Well yeah, I guess so. Because I'm not going to go to, um, I don't want, I don't want to go to no shelter. I don't do that.
C210AE: I'll just say by choice.
Okay, how was
C210AE: The last time we talked
Shawn Phalen: You said that you were. Are you still using when you get
C210AE: Yeah yeah
C210AE: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: You're still getting the Suboxone to
C210AE: Yeah.
C210AE: Okay.
C210AE: So,
Shawn Phalen: Do you have any desire to stop using
C210AE: I'm now.
C210AE: It's all so to me it's still only thing that's on the only thing there for me and I try. I, I, probably, you know, I feel like
C210AE: I should have. I should have just lied to you guys given fake because it would have been very easy. I've done it a million times before as our places and
C210AE: I wanted to be honest with you guys and I can tell already that's only going to screw me because that's all anybody cares about and that's that's the least issue.
C210AE: So,
C210AE: I came because I just don't understand why, like why people are the way they are, but um
C210AE: Yes. I mean, yeah, no, no, no, I'm not gonna look like because it's all, it's only thing there for me. Yeah.
C210AE: That's the only thing they're really interesting like things. It's just a straight up only thing that's the only thing that helps me
C210AE: Seems like people sure as hell don't and therapies and all that shit doesn't either. So at least this thing has to stay alive.
C210AE: I mean, it helped me stay alive, but it helps me. It helps me. That's how I make my money and everything is by exception with energy, I'm always had the pound of fame. I gotta work my ass off just to make my music 20 bucks.
C210AE: Recently, just a recycle or I'm always doing the hard work but
C210AE: If, if that if you think that would be the main issue for all of our situations and
C210AE: I should just, I don't know. I should do. I should i don't i shouldn't waste my time when you shouldn't waste your time, I guess.
C210AE: Because I just don't even understand any of this. I don't know how you guys are even supposed to get to know many of us as I'm watching group. You can tell them that they're not everyone's really nice that works with your companies, but
C210AE: Nobody. I don't think anyone's really making any connection, you know, they see all of the people the same, even though they also different. So I don't. I just don't understand what this is what this is.
C210AE: Well, like you don't understand the group or you don't and I don't I don't understand what's helpful about any of this.
C210AE: Yes, I'm on this like 30 so hard and like me every time I call into this group, I have, I get. I've never even had anxiety attacks and I'm getting major anxiety attacks every time I call this place because
C210AE: And they advertise themselves as being convenient stuff and it's so the opposite of that and
C210AE: Even at times the group's 1111 in the afternoon or seven. Those are like the two, you're too busy times how strange that they would. I thought they wanted you to have a life. But now, but now he kind of camp, because you got to have group 11 or seven. I'm just, I just don't understand whether
C210AE: I just wish there was someone that wanted to truly help, you know, and I just haven't found that yet.
C210AE: So I'm just so totally discouraged and I'm having this is a bad day. Because typically, I don't even let
C210AE: People know how I feel so bad days, or when I actually do tell people how I feel. So I'm discouraged and I feel like I don't like dealing with humans at all. Every time I have two major let down at
C210AE: Least disappointment and I'm less than satisfying and what doesn't says how, what would you like
C210AE: Me to me. I'd like up with the problems that matter the farms that I fuckin got destroyed.
C210AE: On my insides. I do crank because I'm devastated and no one seems to give a shit about that based want to talk about the crank. It's like I walked away from crank easily and I could do it again if I have if I ever had a reason to, you know,
C210AE: I think I have PTSD. I think I got off bad things happened when I went on like I felt when I was at the height of my heartache. I felt like allowed I heard about snap like in my mind in my head and my eyes kind of shook and I felt dizzy and I felt nervous. Same sense and I
C210AE: Think that would make me think that
C210AE: I all I all I could do with abandoning my whole life and move into my car that because that's all I could handle things that you think that would be an issue that would want to try to get help with her.
Do you want to talk about
C210AE: I mean that when I did just now and
C210AE: It's. I mean, it would be nice to be able to talk about something and have somebody actually
C210AE: Understand, I know it's really, I can only imagine it must be so hard that try to understand people if you haven't gone through it yourself. I understand that. But, um,
C210AE: So I guess, I guess. There's just, there's no way around it. People can never really understand
C210AE: Um, I used to have a normal life. I did amazing things for myself.
C210AE: I didn't
C210AE: Just like there was a guy on group yesterday. He kept he kept telling them, look, I don't have issues with that of God's healing takes being healed because he has pain.
C210AE: And just like every other painkillers and they end up taking too much so that he can answer box on and
C210AE: So talking about relapse with him is ridiculous because it's not about relapse. The whole different situation. That's how I feel about myself.
C210AE: I'm not like the, the average person who sits in games and hawed, and you know, gets a boner for their drugs and stay. I mean, I
C210AE: I can easily walked away when it was time and I made a life myself. I never looked back. And this time I chose to do it and thank God, because I sure as hell didn't have anybody or anything else that would have been there for me.
C210AE: I mean I feel like it stayed in my life. And now I'm just homeless and I'm
C210AE: Getting plan. I would be sitting in my car all day every day. I couldn't even imagine how horrific. That would be
C210AE: Just sitting in it for two hours. I'm already in so much pain, your stamp your feet are swollen. I just don't understand. No, no, I'm just, I hate life right now says, I have a conference call.
C210AE: I hate life. It's mostly because of everybody that I speak to, I guess, that sounds Nina router arrogant or something. But I just fucking
C210AE: I'm allowed to do really I I know how to act and go get a job. I already have a job as a fact. But I don't have to do the normal things. But I don't know how to do is feel right on the inside, about humans and our, our
C210AE: Or rules or anything else, like I can't stand any of it. I wish it to me. I can't society.
C210AE: All of it. I don't even. I don't know what to the longer I'm homeless them harder that's getting because
C210AE: The more you are your opposites like Thomas. People are like, on this side and societies on the side and and then the longer you're homeless, you just start
C210AE: I can't stand anything about the people I've walked around daily with
C210AE: I that's something that I could maybe I would need help with one of my only goals when I told you last time was I wanted to make call my son. And that's something that has happened since I've talked to you. So we're talking every night.
Shawn Phalen: Really wow that's
Shawn Phalen: Because I don't think you knew where he was, was that
C210AE: Yeah, I wasn't sure what happened or where I was. But I found them. And we've been talking every night and I always let them know you know how wrong I am and I'm
C210AE: How much he deserves better now. Sorry, I am and I always think that's important to let your kids know that you you're wrong, you know that you're wrong and ask him for forgiveness, you know,
C210AE: And he always he always tells me how he's not even tripping on any of that. And, um, and, um, I guess I just start believing him because he's always said that, but I've always felt so much guilt, you know, right.
Shawn Phalen: Where is he,
Did you find him.
C210AE: And I finally got my was my mother's name number and I texted her and she always I knew she would know where it is, because she always stays by his side.
So,
Shawn Phalen: So you got you got the number you got his however from your mom.
C210AE: Well, I contacted my mom and told her how at college and feeling about my son and out concerned, I am and how the love I feel for him and
C210AE: I was letting her know that I have over. I'm not being there for him and stuff, but I, I didn't. I still didn't get his number or column or anything, and
C210AE: And she wasn't trying to push this subject and I guess just in a couple few days later she told me right what I said. And then he asked my friend number and he called me.
C210AE: Now because
Really
C210AE: When it does that to me with a kid. It's just there's nothing you can do. Sometimes it is too late on some things you learn your lesson is too late.
C210AE: The damage is done, or whatever. And I just wish that nobody should have to feel that kind of regret with a child, you know. Too bad it. I wish that we learned our lessons from other people, but we all have to learn our own heart lessons that sucks you know
Shawn Phalen: Well, it sounds like you still have
C210AE: Killed even though he said to that.
C210AE: He's okay.
He believes
C210AE: That he said no, he's not he's okay he's not okay, he's my son severely mentally ill, and he doesn't believe he is. Yeah. And then right when you get to stop this medication, but I it's hard not to feel. I know I feel guilt because I'm honest with myself.
C210AE: And
Shawn Phalen: So where's who knows Hannah facility. Do you know
C210AE: Yeah, yeah. He's back. He's got he went back, he was out for five months at a group home and he not do a back. Okay, so he's in a group.
C210AE: Yeah, he was. But then he doesn't know back to another place.
C210AE: And I'm whatever institution or something and it's so it's so awful. I mean, it's not like the kind of awful. You see, when I'm movies where they're getting butts lift and shift, but
C210AE: To me, it's awful because they could, they could be using this time. Some people are there for years. And not only does Medicaid on them in front of a TV.
C210AE: They don't, they don't get the there's so much I could be doing for these people. They could have they should have gyms, they should have a gym in there, they should have stuff trying to teach them how to give them self respect teach them how to fucking
C210AE: succeed in life and nobody will ever care about those people and nobody will ever do anything about it. It's heart wrenching
Shawn Phalen: So how was it when you talk
C210AE: To him every night you feel better.
C210AE: Yeah, yeah. I feel better. I might I feel bad, sometimes because um when he likes to talk about his new beliefs is new beliefs that all his experiences that he had during his breakdown or whatever are
C210AE: I mean, I've never he has so much detail about all the stuff he. I mean, it's a whole made up. It's like a. It's like the Illuminati. It's all about the Illuminati.
C210AE: Illuminati is a big thing. It's like an hour and rules, his whole life. All he wanted decorations to be that he wants his clothing to be that and and
C210AE: I've never heard such detail. I'M IN THE DETAIL HE CAN GO BACK major detail all these, you know, hundreds and thousands a year is from the beginning of time and
C210AE: Or even before people were born and he has all the details you to come up with to tell some sort of make a movie like that you know he has all the major details, it's like, wow, I just
C210AE: And he wants, he, he feels bad that I don't believe him. And I tell him it's not that I don't believe you. I know that you're not lying to me. I know that.
C210AE: You believe that but I just can't. I'm not going to act like I think he's right. I told him I know what I what I saw was mental illness, you know,
C210AE: And I'm sticking to it. I'm not going to pretend like it's not just for him. I don't know what, maybe, I don't know what the right way to do it, but I'm, I'm, if
C210AE: I guess I don't even know how to have relationship with my son right now. Really, because I'm sure there's ways to what you're supposed to do when someone's mentally ill some, you know, certain ways to be supportive and
Shawn Phalen: Stuff. Well, I mean, do you just do just listen. I mean,
C210AE: Can you just tell me
C210AE: When he tells me he wants to talk when he talks about all the details and everything. Yeah, yeah. I listened to. I just, I listened to him, but
C210AE: He wants me to he wants conversation out of it, you know, or it gets to the point, it gets to a point where I have to say something and I'm not going to say, Oh, that's nice. I'm glad you know you you've had that experience. I'm not gonna say that.
C210AE: I can't say that I mean this. Take that experience was the most devastating.
C210AE: thing ever. Yeah.
C210AE: That's his reality right now people he has his. He used to be into God and stuff. And now he's more into Satan and
C210AE: He asked me if I would wanted to live with them because he's gonna have his own place on suits doing I tell them
C210AE: I said I will do one live with you, but I can't have state and stuff all around me. I my whole life. I made sure it's not. I haven't even gotten same room was a leaderboard as a kid.
C210AE: Not doing anything satanic I stayed away from because I know it's real. And I have I have gotten my heart and I
C210AE: I know how real same is, you know, I just didn't want no part of it. And I told them I i for the hard times. I would go and do I can be vulnerable right now and it's not even smart to put myself in
C210AE: Around demonic shit. You know, I just don't. I mean, if he wants. So I'm and
C210AE: Then he said, yeah, then I guess you don't want to live with me because he just going to he wants to. That's what makes it seem so fake. To me, like, you know, kids when kids.
C210AE: Are trying to bug their parents or something or when they're young, you know, it's like all about wearing the black nail polish and the black hair and
C210AE: I mean, if I told him, if you're really all about it. You don't have to talk about it and where it and for your decorations everywhere because you're you already that you
C210AE: You believe it already. You don't have to prove it to the world you know it's it's like your own thing. You don't have that we all, everybody believed in something doesn't mean they were it and have it all, all the decorations that and
C210AE: It doesn't have to be so extreme with it makes me that proves mental illness that's just not normal. Yeah. He sounds very normal dinis race.
C210AE: He sounds like my son, and he's smart and
C210AE: He's not having an episode or anything, it's, it's just, if he tells you what he believes, then you go, okay. There has to be something wrong, you know, but he doesn't act like that or look like that or talk like that. It seems very normal.
C210AE: So it sounds like the medication that he's taking his work. Would you say that i guess i thought that i thought that he doesn't know he's mentally ill, though.
C210AE: So does. I thought that meant to me. It's not working.
C210AE: He's made some medicine. It makes them. It makes them gain weight. They don't today is, in my opinion, they just don't do shit for them there no shame on them, you know,
C210AE: I mean, God, I wish I would have known back when, when what I know now about myself. I could have, I would have loved to been an attorney or something and bought for those any any downtrodden.
C210AE: Didn't feel like it. I just wouldn't go to school. Now it's time for that. I think I could have been good at it.
Shawn Phalen: And were so year. By Sacramento. Right.
C210AE: No. Well, I guess I mean I'm not that I'm a couple hours for it. I'm by San Francisco. I'm an hour from Sam. So.
C210AE: Where's your son now he is in Yuba City.
Shawn Phalen: Where's the
C210AE: Yuba City, which I think that's two hours for me, but I'm not sure.
C210AE: Okay, you know what i've been i've been saying my son's 23 for the longest time, and he said that he's 25 so and that would that sticks out is ever since I came to Santa Rosa.
C210AE: I've pretty much lost. I lost time because I this let none of this was the plan that I didn't come down here. Just fucking be abandoned and have to learn how to survive in this crazy fucked up smelly city that was not the plan at all.
C210AE: So I did my time just keeps going on. It took me many, many months just to get a grasp of even how to drive around the city. I've never been in the city, you know,
C210AE: I just didn't realize started been, like, a year and a half. I've been here. That's crazy.
Shawn Phalen: Where's your mom or to Sheila.
C210AE: These um
C210AE: I forget my, my son said she was she's in our. I don't think you remember she's not where she normally as you normally either in my life where I'm from.
C210AE: Or next to him, I guess she's nice she's like half hour away from them, or an hour away or something, I don't know. I don't talk to my mom. Okay.
C210AE: I mean, we're, we don't we don't we like each other and love each other, but we're just both we're both the same type of person that we just don't stay in touch again. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So,
C210AE: Why don't we, we'd be we'd be open to sending
Shawn Phalen: Another appointment.
Yeah.
C210AE: Okay, I do. I know I need I've known for a long time that I obviously need counseling because
C210AE: Because I just, I can like, though, it's hard to let go of all the bad things when you when you live the consequences of them daily
C210AE: Employees saying, trying to get over it. Well, it's hard when I'm fucking
C210AE: Suffering, day in and day out of the consequences from that you don't get over it. When you can't even stop. It just doesn't make sense. So, but maybe it's maybe it's normal that I'm not over things, but every day. I see things
C210AE: That it just feels like it's just kicking me so hard just things that I had in my home or
C210AE: In my last
C210AE: Things that happened well so many things happened that should never happen.
C210AE: And there wasn't the only explanation for happening. Was it it was meant to be, I guess, because I didn't deserve it and
C210AE: I didn't know shouldn't happen, it would, it was a lot of times it was someone else's actions that took things through me and I just haven't too hard of a time getting over that.
Shawn Phalen: Okay.
C210AE: Well, let's set an appointment.
Shawn Phalen: Can you do you do Wednesday, June 24
At seven
C210AE: Yes, it's a Wednesday seven right
Yeah.
C210AE: I don't ever
C210AE: I don't have enough. Yeah, I could do any day. He wanted really
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so it's June.
24 at seven.
C210AE: Days June 24 at seven weeks from now. Yeah, okay.
Shawn Phalen: Alright.
C210AE: Alright, so do I have to do anything out when we're done right hang up and then that's done or drive to call somebody or something. No, you just hang up and you're done. Okay, thank you.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, take care.
C210AE: Okay. Bye bye.